INTRUCTIONS
1. Once you have completed the development of your app. please fill out the empty cells in the two tabs
2. Attach the file to your email to Apple
March 2025 v1.5
Team ID
App Name
PSP Name
Date
Version
Existing or New app
Distribution type (Public / Unlisted / Enterprise)
How to Demonstrate Status Comments (Optional)
General Requirements Checklist
1.1 Required Your app must offer Tap to Pay on iPhone to compatible devices only (that is, iPhone XS and later).
Checklist
1.2 Required
If Tap to Pay on iPhone is the main feature of your app, you must set the iOS Deployment Target in Xcode
to the minimum version supporting your Tap to Pay on iPhone configuration. Confirm the minimum version
with your PSP SDK documentation.
1.3 Required
For iOS versions prior to 17.6, your app must handle the
PaymentCardReaderError.osVersionNotSupported error by displaying a message to inform the user that
they must update to the latest version of iOS.
1.4 Required Your app must trigger initial preparation/warming up of Tap to Pay on iPhone at launch of your app or
when your app comes into the foreground. Please refer to PSP SDK documentation for more details.
1.5 Conditional
If your app supports Tap to Pay on iPhone as the sole payment acceptance method, ensure that only
compatible devices can download the app by requiring iphone-ipad-minimum-performance-a12 with
UIRequiredDeviceCapabilities
1.6 Required
The status of whether a merchant has accepted Tap to Pay on iPhone Terms & Conditions should be
retrieved from Apple rather than a local variable in your app. Please refer to PSP SDK documentation for
more details.
1.7 Recommended Apps on the public App Store should leverage FaceID or TouchID for a seamless login experience for
merchants at checkout.
1.8 Conditional Apps on the public App Store must adhere to the Human Interface Guidelines.
1.9 Conditional Apps on the public App Store must adhere to the Tap to Pay on iPhone Developer Marketing Guidelines
and the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit.
Onboarding Merchants Requirements
2.1 Required The process to create an account and/or gain access to Tap to Pay on iPhone must be easily
discoverable to a new user who has just downloaded your app.
New User Flow
Recording
2.2 Required The process to create an account and/or gain access to Tap to Pay on iPhone must have a digital
onboarding experience triggered from your app that can be fully completed on an iPhone.
2.3 Required
Digital onboarding must take less than 15 minutes* for most of your users from information submission (or
access request for existing merchants) to accepting payment with Tap to Pay on iPhone.
*In compliance with local merchant onboarding regulations.
Enabling Tap to Pay on iPhone Requirements
3.1 Required Your app implements a highly-visible and easily discoverable communication for Tap to Pay on iPhone.
New User and / or
Existing User Flow
Recording
3.2 Recommended Your app implements a full-screen modal (splash screen) for Tap to Pay on iPhone. [This would also
complete Marketing requirement 6.2]
3.3 Required Your app displays communications for Tap to Pay on iPhone to all eligible users at least once. This can be
accomplished with a push notification. [This would also complete Marketing requirement 6.3]
3.4 Required Your app displays an obvious way to enable Tap to Pay on iPhone at the end of every new merchant
onboarding flow.
3.5 Required Your communications for Tap to Pay on iPhone must have a clear action to trigger acceptance of Tap to
Pay on iPhone Terms and Conditions.
3.6 Required Your app provides a way to enable Tap to Pay on iPhone outside of the communications and the checkout
flow (for example, in your app settings).
3.7 Required Your app must provide a trigger to enable Tap to Pay on iPhone within your checkout flow or requires Tap
to Pay on iPhone enablement prior to checkout flow
3.8 Required
Tap to Pay on iPhone Terms and Conditions must only be accepted by an administrator user or otherwise
authorized party for the merchant. If you only provide one user type for the merchant, ensure that the
correct user is accepting Terms and Conditions on behalf of the merchant.
3.8.1 Required If a non admin type user is attempting to enable Tap to Pay on iPhone, a message must inform user to
contact their admin.
3.8.2 Conditional
For enterprise deployments (that is, Custom App, Unlisted App, or Apple Developer Enterprise Program)
you must support the ability to accept Terms and Conditions outside of the app using Apple Business
Connect. Check with your PSP for implementation details.
3.9 Recommended
Once Terms and Conditions are accepted and the user has gone through the education or tutorial on how
to use Tap to Pay on iPhone, your app presents a dedicated screen prompting the user to try out Tap to
Pay on iPhone. This screen will also display the progress of Tap to Pay on iPhone readiness as the
device is being configured.
3.9.1 Required
Your app must provide a configuration progress indicator using
PaymentCardReader.Event.updateProgress(_:) (or the equivalent call from your PSP SDK) This screen
will display the progress of Tap to Pay on iPhone readiness as the device is being configured. This screen
will inform the user if Tap to Pay on iPhone is not yet ready for use both in initial setup and typical usage
while the reader is preparing.
Educating Merchants Requirements
4.1* Recommended Use ProximityReaderDiscovery to provide merchant education if your app is targeting iOS 18 and later.
New User and / or
Existing User Flow
Recording
If you use ProximityReaderDiscovery this will fulfill all of the merchant education
requirements.
4.1 Required Your app must present education screens after user accepts Terms and Conditions.
4.2 Required Your app must make merchant education screens accessible for reference in either Settings or Help
section.
4.3 Required Use the Apple-approved Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit for your merchant education
screens if you are not using ProximityReaderDiscovery.
4.4 Required Merchant education must demonstrate how to accept contactless cards with Tap to Pay on iPhone.
4.5 Required Merchant education must demonstrate how to accept Apple Pay and other digital wallets with Tap to Pay
on iPhone.
4.6 Conditional on
Region
Merchant education must demonstrate support for PIN Entry with explicit mention of accessibility options
available on PIN screen if the region you deploy supports PIN entry. Check with PSP SDK for this feature
and see Regional Requirements for more details.
4.7 Conditional on
Region
Merchant education must demonstrate fallback to an alternate payment method in case Tap to Pay on
iPhone is unable to read a payment card (e.g. Payment Link) if the region you deploy requires a Fallback
Payment Method.
Checking Out Requirements
5.1 Required User must have an obvious, prominent button to invoke a Tap to Pay on iPhone payment during checkout.
Checkout Flow
Recording
5.2 Required
The button that invokes Tap to Pay on iPhone must be in a visible location (without scrolling) for the user
to select at the time of check out. Tap to Pay on iPhone should be at the top of the list when there are
multiple payment acceptance options.
5.3 Required
The button that invokes Tap to Pay on iPhone must never be altered, grayed out, or otherwise hidden
based on whether the user has enabled Tap to Pay on iPhone or not. If the user has not yet enabled Tap
to Pay on iPhone, the button will invoke that path.
5.4 Conditional If there are multiple payment options, the button that invokes Tap to Pay on iPhone must use the proper
copy for your region. Refer to Localization strings for Tap to Pay on iPhone for more details.
5.5 Conditional If using iconography in the button, the symbol used must be wave.3.right.circle or wave.3.right.circle.fill
from SF Symbols. 􀱝􀭹
5.6 Required When the Tap to Pay on iPhone screen closes after a successful read of the card, there must be a
“processing” screen indicating that the transaction is being processed.
5.7 Required There must be a clear communication of the outcome after the processing screen to the user. This would
highlight approved, declined, or timed out transactions to the user.
5.8 Required
When the transaction is processed regardless of outcome (approved or declined), it must be possible to
send a digital receipt to the customer in a confidential way. For example the digital receipt may be sent by
SMS, email, QR code or using Activity views.
5.9 Conditional on
Region
Comply with regional requirements based on where you deploy your app. See Regional Requirements for
more details.
5.10 Conditional If the user is not authorized to accept Tap to Pay on iPhone Terms and Conditions, display a message
telling them to contact an admin to enable Tap to Pay on iPhone.
Marketing Requirements
6.1 Required At launch, a dedicated launch email must be sent to all eligible users. This must leverage the ‘Launch’
email referred to in the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
6.2 Required At launch, an in-app Splash Screen must be made visible to all eligible users at least once. This must
leverage the ‘Hero’ in-app banner referred to in the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
6.3 Required At launch, an in-app push notification must deployed to all eligible users. This must leverage the ‘Value
Proposition’ copy from ‘Push Notification’ copy guidelines in the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
Details for User Flow Recordings
Required Provide a recording of the “New User Flow”
For all recordings a
video recording
from another iPhone
is best to
demonstrate.
Otherwise, screen
recording from the
same device will
suffice.
For the New User Flow please demonstrate by recording with a second device;
• Demonstrate the path for new merchant onboarding, including account creation and
know your customer (KYC) where applicable.
• Once a merchant account is approved, demonstrate how Tap to Pay on iPhone is
introduced to the new merchant in this path.
• Demonstrate how a user will accept Terms and Conditions for Tap to Pay on iPhone.
• If Terms and Conditions will be accepted outside of the app, provide details on
how this process will be completed.
• Demonstrate merchant education provided to the new merchant after accepting
Terms and Conditions.
• If Terms and Conditions will be accepted outside of the app, provide details on
how merchant education will be shared with users within the app.
• Demonstrate where a user can find merchant education at a later time, this is
typically accomplished with a section for Tap to Pay on iPhone in the settings of your
app.
• Demonstrate a progress indicator to the user when the Tap to Pay on iPhone is being
configured.
• Demonstrate the completion of the configuration.
• If your app does not provide a path for a new user to onboard within the app provide
details on how new users onboard to become merchants.
If you need to unlink your Apple Account from accepting terms and conditions in
order to “reaccept” for the purposes of screen recording. More information
available here.
Required Provide a recording of the “Existing User Flow”
For the Existing User Flow please demonstrate by recording with a second device;
• Before accepting Terms & Conditions, demonstrate that the Tap to Pay on iPhone
payment acceptance button exists and is visible to existing users.
• Demonstrate where an existing user will become aware that Tap to Pay on iPhone is
available.
• Typically this is accomplished with a full screen modal after the existing user has
logged in or launched updated app.
• Demonstrate merchant education is provided after accepting Terms and Conditions.
• Demonstrate where a user can find merchant education at a later time, this is
typically accomplished with a Tap to Pay on iPhone section in the settings of your
app.
• If the user completes or skips merchant education before configuration is complete,
demonstrate a progress indicator to the user to inform them of status.
• For applicable regions you must demonstrate a PIN transaction and a Fallback
Payment Method transaction, see Conditional Requirements for more details.
If you need to unlink your Apple Account from accepting terms and conditions in
order to “reaccept” for the purposes of screen recording. More information
available here.
Required Provide a recording of the “Checkout Flow”
For the Checkout User Flow please demonstrate by recording with a second
device;
• Demonstrate adding items to a cart, or entering a currency amount for payment.
• Demonstrate the Payment Option(s).
• Demonstrate the Tap to Pay on iPhone button.
• Initiate and complete a Tap to Pay on iPhone transaction.
• Demonstrate PIN (in regions where applicable - see Regional Requirements for more
details).
• Demonstrate Fallback Payment mechanisms (in regions where applicable - see
Regional Requirements for more details).
Other Information
Supported schemes:
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Discover
Domestic scheme (please specify)
Is Refund supported:
Requires tapping card with Tap to Pay on iPhone
Referenced refund (requires a purchase transaction first)
Unreferenced refund (doesn’t require a purchase transaction first)
Receipt methods:
SMS (customer is receiving SMS from a SMS service, not from the merchant phone number)
email (customer is receiving email from an email service, not from the merchant email address)
scanning a QR code
using iOS Share (ie with AirDrop and other apps)
if PIN Fallback is applicable for your market, alternative payment methods:
Payment Link
Card Reader
Other
Other notes