You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.1

1.0.0 (21)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

2.2.0 Performance: Beta Testing

Screenshot-0129-093921.pngDownload
Edit

Messages (1)

AppleToday 7:41 PM
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: 61088bf5-f0af-4d45-acc4-e2d188ffb25b
Review date: January 29, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.1


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We have started our review, but we still need additional information to continue. Specifically, it appears your app may access or include paid digital content or services, and we want to understand your business model before completing our review. 

Next Steps

Please review the following questions and provide as much detailed information about your business model as you can.

1. Who are the users that will use the paid content, subscriptions, features, and services in the app?
2. Where can users purchase the content, subscriptions, features, and services that can be accessed in the app?
3. What specific types of previously purchased content, subscriptions, features, and services can a user access in the app?
4. What paid content, subscriptions, or features are unlocked within your app that do not use in-app purchase?
5. How do users obtain an account? Do users have to pay a fee to create an account?
6. Are the enterprise services in your app sold to single users, consumers, or for family use?


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app still exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: Sign in with Apple failed.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.2

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.


Guideline 2.2 - Performance - Beta Testing

Your app appears to be a pre-release, test, or trial version with a limited feature set. Apps that are created for test or trial purposes are not appropriate for the App Store.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please complete, remove, or fully configure any partially implemented features. If your app is not ready for public distribution, use TestFlight to test your app.

Resources

- To learn more about our policies for beta testing, see App Review Guideline 2.2.
- Test apps and invite users to provide feedback with TestFlight Beta Testing.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Reply to App Review

Date Submitted
Jan 28, 2026 at 7:14 AM
Submission ID
61088bf5-f0af-4d45-acc4-e2d188ffb25b
Submitted By
Ayden Vogler
Last Updated By
Apple