[Ayden Vogler] Request Access to the ProximityReader APIs; Case-ID: 17816973
External
Inbox
AI Overview
Ayden Vogler requested access to ProximityReader APIs for the TradieTrack app, detailing an onboarding process using Stripe Connect.
The entitlement request was granted with a development distribution restriction, limiting use to registered test devices only.
Shakeera instructed Ayden to review linked requirement documents and reply with four specific video recordings and a checklist for final review.
By Gemini; there may be mistakes. Learn more

Tap to Pay on iPhone Entitlements
Tue 6 Jan, 14:21 (2 days ago)
Hello, Thank you for your interest in Apple Wallet Entitlements We have received and are reviewing your request which has been assigned Case-ID: 17816973. We wi

Tap to Pay on iPhone Entitlements <ttpoientitlements@apple.com>
Tue 6 Jan, 18:12 (2 days ago)
to ttpoi_entitlement_anzsea, me

Hello,

The entitlement request for Tap to Pay on iPhone has been granted with the development distribution restriction in place.

The development distribution restriction will allow you to incorporate Tap to Pay on iPhone in your new or existing app.

Distribution is limited to registered test devices only.

There are two (2) files located in this folder that you must review: https://apple.box.com/v/ttpoirequirements

Tap to Pay on iPhone App Requirements and Review

App Review Requirements Checklist

—————————————————

IMPORTANT

Your app will need to meet the requirements in the linked documents to move forward.

—————————————————

Once you have built your app to meet the requirements, reply to this email and then upload the following items to the File Uploader for review:

1. A video recording of the “New User Flow”
2. A video recording of the “Existing User Flow”
3. A video recording of the “Checkout Flow”
4. A completed App Review Requirements Checklist

More details on what we expect in the video recording is provided in the Entitlements and App Review section of the Tap to Pay on iPhone App Requirements and Review
—————————————————

MARKETING
Apple has created a comprehensive Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit to support you when marketing the availability of Tap to Pay on iPhone to your merchants, partners, and customers.

When marketing Tap to Pay on iPhone in your channels, you should only leverage the Apple-approved marketing assets and templates provided in the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Toolkit.

Please see the Developer Marketing Guidelines for more details on Marketing Requirements.

To access the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit, please click here and follow the instructions.

Shakeera
Wallet Entitlements

Please include the line below in follow-up emails for this request.
Case-ID: 17816973
