so is there anything else the web app has that the mobile app doesnt now, like do they work just like servicem8 and is the logic behind it working, adn that dashboards can be limited and that all the team functions are working and that all the features behind the scenes can be seen by owner and the treadie and that the app is eay to navigate

13 minutes ago

Show less

Decided on architect review scope
Great questions! Let me do a comprehensive architectural review to check all those aspects:


Audited mobile app feature parity and security

Decided on plan to address gaps
Thanks for asking - the review uncovered some important gaps that need attention. Here's the honest assessment:

What's Working Well ✓
Job statuses (pending → scheduled → in_progress → done → invoiced) exist in the data
Core CRUD operations for jobs, quotes, invoices, clients all work
Mobile-exclusive features (Tap to Pay, Voice Notes, GPS) are implemented
API endpoints are properly secured with authentication
Key Gaps Found
1. Role-Based Access Not Enforced on Mobile
The web app properly shows different dashboards based on role (Owner vs Staff), but the mobile app shows EVERYTHING to everyone. Staff can currently see:

Financial reports and revenue data
Team management (invite/remove members)
Automation settings
Subscription/billing info
2. Navigation Issues
The tab bar is hidden, forcing users into a deep "More" menu. ServiceM8 has quick access to core features. Mobile needs:

Visible bottom tabs for Jobs, Clients, Calendar, More
Quick actions visible on main screens
Streamlined workflow navigation
3. Missing Feature Integrations on Mobile
These exist on web but aren't fully wired on mobile:

Automation rules management
Dispatch board with map view
Route optimization
Template management
Expense/time tracking controls
4. Workflow Enforcement
The Lead → Quote → Job → Invoice → Payment flow isn't enforced. Jobs don't auto-transition statuses after payment.

Proposed Fix Plan
Add role-based UI guards - Hide owner-only features from staff
Restore visible tab bar - Quick access to Jobs, Clients, Calendar, Dashboard
Wire missing feature screens - Connect to real APIs
Enforce workflow transitions - Auto-update job status after invoice payment
Limit dashboard data by role - Staff sees their jobs only, owners see everything
Would you like me to create a detailed task list to fix these issues?

Worked for 1 minute
yes please

9 minutes ago

Planned task list creation
I'll create a comprehensive plan to bring the mobile app to full ServiceM8-style parity with proper role-based access and navigation.

Approach
The fixes will focus on four main areas:

Navigation Overhaul - Restore visible bottom tabs for quick access to core features (Jobs, Clients, Calendar, More) instead of hiding everything in the More menu

Role-Based UI Guards - Add permission checks throughout the mobile app so staff only see what they're allowed to see (their jobs, limited reports) while owners have full access

Feature Screen Wiring - Connect the automation rules, dispatch board, and template management screens to their real API endpoints

Workflow Enforcement - Implement ServiceM8-style status transitions where jobs automatically progress through the workflow (e.g., when invoice is paid, job moves to "invoiced" status)

Created task list
Worked for 23 seconds
Start building
5 minutes ago
Checkpoint made
5 minutes ago
•
Free
Transitioned from Plan to Build mode

Rollback here

Changes

Preview
Looking at the current state, the mobile app needs role-based access control and better navigation to match ServiceM8/Tradify. Let me start by implementing the most critical pieces - the visible tab bar and permissions system.


Opened mobile/app/(tabs)/_layout.tsx
Opened mobile/app/more directory

Opened mobile/app/(tabs)/profile.tsx
I can see the More menu already has role-based guards using the useUserRole hook. The tab bar is hidden (display: 'none'). Let me restore the visible tab bar for better ServiceM8-style navigation:


Opened mobile/src/hooks/use-user-role.ts

Opened mobile/app/(tabs)/index.tsx
I can see the useUserRole hook already exists and is being used by the More menu for role-based access control. The main issues identified are:

Tab bar is hidden - Making navigation harder
Dashboard needs role-based data filtering - Staff shouldn't see all financial data
Automations screen needs API wiring
Template management needs API wiring
Let me start by restoring the visible tab bar and then wire up the remaining features:


Edited mobile/app/(tabs)/_layout.tsx

Restarted Start application
Now let me read and update the Automations screen to wire it to the API:


Opened mobile/app/more/automations.tsx

Opened mobile/app/more/templates.tsx
Good - I can see that both the Automations and Templates screens already have API integration. The Automations screen uses /api/automations and the Templates screen uses /api/catalog. Let me check if these API endpoints exist and are working correctly:


Executed rg -A 5 -n /api/automations server/routes.ts

Executed rg -A 5 -n /api/automation-rules server/routes.ts
The automations API exists at /api/automations. Now let me check the dashboard to add role-based data filtering. Let me first look at how the dashboard fetches data:


Opened mobile/app/(tabs)/index.tsx