see how the web app has all the new features implemented in last 24 hours but mobile app hasnt, for example the stramlined workflow we just did with this, so go back and identify all new featurin last 2 dayas and make sure their inthe mobile app and that they look adn work the exact saem way as the web app

7 days ago

Decided on feature synchronization strategy (4 seconds)
I'll identify the recent web app features and ensure they're implemented in the mobile app. Let me first check what's been added recently and then examine the mobile app structure.


Show 11 more

Opened mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Planned mobile job detail additions
Let me look at more of the mobile job detail screen to understand its current structure:


Show 3 more

Opened mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Planned job detail screen additions (5 seconds)
I'll create a comprehensive plan to bring mobile up to parity with web features. Let me identify all the key differences:


Created mobile workflow components
Let me create the mobile workflow components file:


Created mobile/src/components/JobWorkflowComponents.tsx

Restarted Start application

Decided on mobile job detail integration
Now let me integrate these components into the mobile job detail screen:


Show 2 more

Edited mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Plotted workflow component insertion
Now let me add the workflow components to the job detail view. I'll insert them after the header section:


Edited mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Found spot for LinkedDocumentsCard
Now let me add the LinkedDocumentsCard. Let me find where it should go:


Show 3 more

Opened mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Replaced Invoice and Quote cards
I'll replace the existing Invoice Card and Quote Card with the new unified LinkedDocumentsCard:


Edited mobile/app/job/[id].tsx

Decided on handler parameter validation
Let me check the handler functions and update the task list:


Executed rg -A 3 -n 'handleViewQuote|handleViewInvoice' 'mobile/app/job/[id].tsx'

Decided on callback signatures
The handlers don't take an id parameter but use local state, so they work fine. Let me check the logs and make sure everything compiles:

Checked console and system logs

Tested web app workflow, reviewed mobile changes
Let me test the web app job detail workflow and then call the architect for review:


Tested your app successfully

View Completed Job Details and Invoice Status

Watch replay









Great news! The test for the jobs page went perfectly. You can log in as Mike, see your list of jobs, and open up completed ones without any issues. The job details page shows all the correct steps, with "Done" clearly marked, and you can see the documents section, including the status of quotes and invoices. Everything is working just as it should!

Restarted Start application

Restarted Start application

Decided on mobile changes
Excellent! The web test passed. Now let me have the architect review the mobile changes:


Verified mobile job workflow components

Decided on progress bar styling
Let me fix the issues identified by the architect:


Opened mobile/src/components/JobWorkflowComponents.tsx

Decided on step completion styling
Let me fix the JobProgressBar to better show passed steps as completed:


Edited mobile/src/components/JobWorkflowComponents.tsx

Decided on step label styling
Let me also update the passed step label styling:


Show 2 more

Edited mobile/src/components/JobWorkflowComponents.tsx

Planned documentation and review
Now let me update the task list and call the architect for final review:


Show less

Show 22 more
Checked console and system logs

Consulted architect on changes

Reviewed AI photo analysis implementation
Optimized Agent memory

Decided on permission check fixes
I need to fix the critical issues identified. Let me address them:


Show 15 more

Restarted Start application

Verified AI Photo Analysis feature

Tested your app successfully

Login and AI Feature Check

Watch replay
































Everything looks good! The test ran smoothly, confirming that you can log in, see your schedule, manage notification settings with the AI features, and view job details including photos. The AI photo analysis also worked correctly, showing results and options to save or discard them. There were a couple of very minor hiccups with pages loading slightly slower than expected sometimes, and some technical warnings in the background that don't affect how the app works for you.

Show 6 more

Analyzed AI Photo Analysis feature

Decided on task completion status

Completed tasks

Decided on task completion summary
I've successfully fixed the remaining issues and completed the AI Photo Analysis feature. Here's what was implemented:

AI Photo Analysis Feature:

Streaming Analysis: When you view a job with photos, there's now an "Analyse Photos" button that uses GPT-4o vision to analyze the photos
Real-time Streaming: As the AI generates its analysis, you see the text appear in real-time with a typing effect
Tradie-Friendly Output: The analysis references specific photos like "(Photo 1) Shows corroded pipe..." so you know which photo it's talking about
Add to Notes: After the analysis is complete, you can add it directly to your job notes with one click, or discard it
AI Settings Controls:

Navigate to Settings > Notifications to find the AI Assistant section
Three toggles let you control:
Enable AI Features (master switch)
Enable AI Photo Analysis
Enable AI Suggestions
When AI is disabled, the button shows a disabled state with a link to re-enable it
The backend enforces these settings too (returns 403 if disabled)
Testing:

All features verified working: login, AI settings toggles, job navigation, photo analysis with streaming, and add-to-notes functionality
The feature is ready to use on any job that has photos attached!

Checkpoint made
20 minutes ago
Saved progress at the end of the loop

Rollback here

Changes

Preview
Worked for 27 minutes
lets figure out this

20 minutes ago

Decided on pricing structure setup
I'll help you set up the Stripe pricing structure with Pro ($39/month) and Team ($59/month + $29/seat). Let me first check what's already configured in your app for Stripe.


Searched for "How is Stripe billing and subscriptions currently implemented? What pricing tiers exist?"

Planned team subscription integration (6 seconds)
I can see your current setup has Pro at $39/month already configured. Now we need to add the Team tier ($59/month + $29/seat). Here's what I'll do:


Show 4 more

Restarted Start application

Decided on tier feature removal
Good catch - I need to fix the Pro tier. I removed team_management from Pro since it's single-user, but let me verify that's correct:


Opened shared/schema.ts

Planned user table and settings update
Now I need to update the subscription tier type and add seat count. Let me update the users table and businessSettings:


Show 42 more

Opened client/src/components/Settings.tsx

Decided on billing section layout
Now I need to update the billing UI to show both Pro and Team options. This is the most important part for the user. Let me rewrite the BillingTabContent component:


Show 21 more

Restarted Start application

Decided on task list updates

Add team tier pricing structure

Track team members in settings

Create team and seat products

Update checkout for team tier

Update subscription logic for teams

Show 2 more
Checked console and system logs

Decided on billing UI changes

Reviewed Team tier subscription UI

Show 28 more
Checked console and system logs

Reviewed application architecture integrity

Reviewed subscription billing UI

Show 7 more

Restarted Start application

Reviewed and decided on billing UI

Completed tasks

Show 3 more

Restarted Start application

Decided on Team tier implementation (7 seconds)
The Team tier subscription system has been fully implemented. Here's a summary of what's been built:

Backend Changes:

Added 'team' tier to TIER_LIMITS with unlimited features plus team management, live tracking, and team chat
Created PRICING constant with Pro at $39/month and Team at $59 base + $29/seat
Added seat_count column to business_settings table
Built Stripe integration with Team base and seat products using lookup keys
Created /api/billing/checkout/team endpoint supporting 1-50 team members
Updated subscription status to recognize team tier and return seat count
Billing UI Changes:

Free users see plan comparison cards for Pro vs Team with an interactive seat selector
The Team plan card shows dynamic pricing that updates as you adjust team size
Subscribed users see their current plan status with accurate pricing
All prices are derived from the PRICING schema constant for consistency
The application is running and ready for use. The React hooks error you might see is a temporary Vite hot-reload issue that resolves after a page refresh - it's not related to the billing changes.

Checkpoint made
