this was the full thing without you summarising it i guess this is the transcribe from the audio clip, someparts arent really what we said for example the first line so just be mindful and analyse carefully
Speaker 1  (00:00) 
Get a nice good, are you? With my mum here now so yeah. 

Speaker 2  (00:07)
Ah, fantastic. Yeah, nice look too, yeah. 

Speaker 3  (00:11)
Get a home home, Nathan, get a well, thank you. Nathan, I'm Nicole, how are you doing? 

Speaker 2  (00:17)
Yeah, very good Nicole, thank you. 

Speaker 3  (00:20)
Yeah, I'm yeah, sort of adens. Just given me a little bit of an update we've been talking about a little bit over the weekend. But we just thought we just, yeah, have a chat to you. 

Speaker 3  (00:31)
Its just my husband's out of town at the moment. He's away. He wasn't he won't be back until Thursday. 

Speaker 3  (00:40)
He worked for way, and I just thought I'd just ring and just sort of yeah, get sort of know. Yeah, all the best stuff as well. 

Speaker 2  (00:50)
Yeah, yeah, so no worries, so basically Aden's done an amazing job of that website. The only issue is obviously been building that exacts. I've got The Domain name trady track dot app, and I've been building this business since 2019, and I've gotten solicitors. 

Speaker 2  (01:08)
And Everyone's build Terms & Conditions or towards that by being in contact with the previous over the business of the business name. He didn't want to sell the time, but he goes, I. This doesn't run out, I'm just going to let the name run out. 

Speaker 2  (01:25)
So I've been waiting and waiting waiting. And then I noticed that a couple weeks ago available and then I was like, ah, I don't need a bike, because obviously there's no one else you can purchasing it and then just the other day, I'm like, I was about to launch my app on try track. And then I noticed that Uh, the.com had been taken, which was also available over a month ago, which hadn't taken, and the kudos to him. 

Speaker 2  (01:53)
The only Thing was that, obviously once I saw that, I was like, oh s***, someone's going to take my idea here. I don't know. I didn't know Aiden a barroom didn't know who he was know anything about him or I knew was that the name was taken a dog com. 

Speaker 2  (02:10)
So I went off and quickly grab my my business name and the thing is that I didn't like I don't know if you received that text message. 

Speaker 3  (02:21)
He showed me it, yeah. 

Speaker 2  (02:23)
Yeah, yeah, so one of the things is that Because of the work, he's done to it. I don't want to take that away from him. I think he's done an amazing job, and I think that he should launch what he's God, but there's only a conflict interest with me with the name, because we're launched pretty much the exact same thing. 

Speaker 2  (02:43)
The The and The actual website like I've been doing, like, I've been working on that on that app as well since 2018 okay, guys over and um, Pakistan and And here in New South Wales, building wire frames and building the actual adversion and a whole bunch of other stuff. But I've had a problem with the guys who were developing it, they've taking way too long to be to be building it, and so I started building it myself, we're using ChatGPT. I actually don't even know if ChatGPT is basically shared that information done something where our agents been able to provide like it's exactly like the detail of the information is like perfect to almost everything that I've got written down and had in the in my files. 

Speaker 2  (03:47)
And then, when he's launched her was like, but the guys have been working with they They had an issue and Ann, I basically Change the business model. And instead of using them, I started using the Um, AI and website development tools as well, and I've been building mine since mid-december. And then the only reason I haven't launched this because I was launching another website at the same time and also I wanted to make sure that I've got the perfection like all the all the legal side of the business as well or signed off. 

Speaker 2  (04:35)
But yeah, as I said then obviously seen Aiden. He's done his job. He's done an amazing job. 

Speaker 2  (04:43)
Ah, and with it, as I said within the text message, what I would like Aden to do is either he's got like, he's got a few options. There, it's either and just change name and continue on doing what he's doing, and I have no problem with him doing that, because competition is actually quite healthy. Um, the Um, the other option is that I buy him buy all this work and like pay for his time for everything he's done on there possible all the stuff he's pay for I buy all of him and that way it can resolve not having that issue happening again. 

Speaker 2  (05:17)
Um, the other option is the If I do blight as well, he can come on and work with me and then I can hold him build this business up what we can build this business together. Um, and then you know, a few years, if he's up forward. And that's going well then I can be more than happy to give him the director sideer of the business. 

Speaker 2  (05:48)
But obviously 15 years old like there's a lot to learn and there's a lot to do um, and then the other option. Is that he chases the main name and what he can do is he can direct any traffic that he creates to my Absent, my company and he can set his own rates, where he can set up a page. We're basically they're going to that. 

Speaker 2  (06:13)
And then he's got his own rates. Um, and then he can take 50% of what comes in through that link. So through his domain name. 

Speaker 2  (06:26)
Yum and basically he can still make as much money easier once he can advertise that link as much as you want, he can post it anyway he wants and then he gets 50% of whatever comes through that link. The um and then obviously like this is the last case scenario which I don't want no one wants. It's a waste of time waste money, and I'd have to send through a season assist order on that name. 

Speaker 2  (06:52)
So and then doesn't help anyone doesn't fix anything, doesn't like, yeah, and just causes an issue. But yeah, as I said, like, I think what he's done again is unreal, and I'd love to work with him. I think he's got major potential, and if she's really passionate, like there's no one else. 

Speaker 2  (07:20)
Who I've described this too? I've had to as a set on that developers. Working with me home building it? 

Speaker 2  (07:26)
And I haven't been able to kind of like configurure at the same sort of way. Yeah And he's just done like he's pretty much achieched everything there's a lot of there was a lot of things that I've seen on it that need tweaking. But basically no one else has been able to come up with that. 

Speaker 2  (07:45)
I know that a lot of it has actually come from ChatGPT or from the AI platforms. Um, but still, it's the what im, uh. ER amazed with is the effort that he's gone through, like, it's actually gone through, put it all together and yeah, like it's, to be honest, it's like Let's if I was if I hadn't spent 6 years on this thing, I mean, like, yeah, well, you just had it. 

Speaker 2  (08:16)
But I've spent like a 6 years building this up, yeah, a lot of things in order to be able to launch it, yeah and 

Speaker 3  (08:25)
Yeah, so Nathan. Do you have your own business? Are you in what sort of whereabouts are you located? 

Speaker 2  (08:32)
I'm in Sydney. I am, or I've got a construction company already, so I've got a building business. Yeah, and I also have another Website as well, which is basically an advertising platforms for tradies. 

Speaker 2  (08:51)
Yeah, and then of basically launching 2 other obviously launching the trading track and that's going to just one with my website. My other website and probably in about 12 months, but yeah, I've got like I've got a lot going on that all intertwines, a lot of the different things. Yeah, so yeah 

Speaker 3  (09:17)
So we yeah. So Yeah, so we've sort of I don't even know what to um. If you were thinking of buying it, what would you buy it for? 

Speaker 2  (09:32)
Um, so I know that building these things cost money, and by and time, but my to be honest. I aidens got a lot of potential. I think it's better for him. 

Speaker 2  (09:51)
To work with someone like me to build something like this, because then there's going to set up his future that way, he can learn how to build a business and then do it again with another product later on down the track as well, and to seeing this thing go through. It is actually like, because we don't need to, we don't need to see face-to-face, I don't need it, but I don't need to come up and see, I don't need to come down here like that. We just basically communicate to your email, text messages or whatever, and he can help me build the rest of the website and launching it. 

Speaker 2  (10:26)
And also advertising and marketing it and all that kind of stuff, but if you're not comfortable with that, obviously then I'm happy to pay it out. But with the payment, whatever you guys are paying for it, I'll double whatever you pay for it. So just to give you guys extra cash and extra money, just to say, well, thank you very much for doing what you've done as give me a lot of insight and I've learned a lesson as well. 

Speaker 3  (10:55)
Yeah What I might do is I know that you wanted some sort of outcome by Monday, but I just dont think I can commit to anything. By Monday, because his dads away at the moment, are you happy for us to catch up a bit later in the week and we can chat and talk, I've asked to take everything off the internet. 

Speaker 2  (11:17)
Yeah, so yeah, and have to do that. He didn't have to do that at this stage just what I wanted to do is I wanted to respond, especially from you guys as his parents, to start with and then we go from there. But I do appreciate that he's taking everything Downs. 

Speaker 2  (11:34)
It's very nice, but as I said, I think that I think adens got a lot of potential, especially in this industry, and in this space, like we've got nephews and nieces. I'm trying to get them to do stuff like this is just like they just don't want to be part of their rather play video games, and do all that kind of stuff, but I didn't shown a lot of potential for a very, very promising future, so like I'd rather mentor that than punish that. If you are happening to help me kind of attention, because I didn't know the business name at that time. 

Speaker 2  (12:12)
But um, I said it was my own fault for not just jumping on to it as soon as the go I released it but less and learned for me. 

Speaker 3  (12:21)
Yeah 

Speaker 2  (12:22)
Yeah, but any right looking, and I get coming. 

Speaker 3  (12:25)
Yeah, so in coming from that, like, I mean, this is Aden's first attempt. This is his first chance. This is something he wanted to sort of do. 

Speaker 3  (12:33)
He didn't want to go and find any sort of like I say he's only 15, he's in grade 10, he's 

Speaker 1  (12:41)
What is do something at home and 

Speaker 3  (12:43)
He he just sort of wasn't interested in going out, and looking for a job over the school holidays and he just wanted to spend his time and we'd appreciate, you know, like for me, if I had this opportunity to be mentored by somebody, Aden doesn't have that As well, so that's why we're sort of sort of you know, like, yeah, yeah, someone who knows what they're doing. 

Speaker 2  (13:09)
Yeah, what like to be honest I'm really learning in this, but I've been in business for the last 4 years so I know what I'm doing when it comes to business and Uh what it takes to actually run profitable business as well. Yeah, and the tax side of it I do. I've gotta say that I do struggle with the tax side and as a set, I've also gone through a whole bunch of other different things, and I see a lot of potential in Aiden, with being able to build the platform that he has. 

Speaker 2  (13:41)
That Yeah, he he can do so much more like there's so much more he can do with this. I don't want to really take this away from anymore an opportunity rather than anything else. 

Speaker 3  (13:50)
Yeah You know, you know, that's great to hear. Thank you very much for the compliment. 

Speaker 2  (13:56)
Yeah, that's the same. But it's my absolutely all my pleasure. 

Speaker 3  (13:59)
Yeah, I think um, yeah, it's good to sort of know. Yeah, so what's the, um? For your in the construction game and you sort of do building sort of thing. 

Speaker 2  (14:12)
Say you've got, oh, I'm a garden revealed ISO I do a lot of residential construction work. Yeah, and I'm obviously high-rise buildings and all that kind of stuff. We've got our own little team um, but I've worked and worked for other companies before. 

Speaker 2  (14:32)
And I've had to invoice other people like the reason I came up with this idea is because I was so over invoicing, my clients that I wanted to be seamless and the way that I came up with it was, I was working with another company. They had a tracking app, but I didn't do anything else, except for literally just track where you went to the company and also allowed you to see what other people were doing instead, etc. Yeah, and so that company was actually called atto Otto, something like that. 

Speaker 2  (15:03)
Anyway, and I have the idea back then I was like, well, why can't like do all this and then turn it into an invoice at the end of the end of the day. That means I can then turn it like instead of happening to take the information from this, when I sign in and sign out at the end of the day and go off to another location. And then take then I've got to go home and then I've got to take down my diary, yeah and I got to write out all that information into the diary, and then I've got to get onto the computer and I'm going to type it was a time invoice, and then like this literally streamline the entire platform, so that's why I've been workedly and building this, I feel like that, maybe That we're aiding got help with the ideas especially was through cause. 

Speaker 2  (15:55)
Obviously I've been used to ChatGPT and an AI platforms, and I don't know. It's also no idea off and said, oh yeah, you should do what I'm taking that doesn't matter. I'm actually I'm I actually find this as an experience of like, it's not a problem, it's more of like an opportunity that I've actually found it here who's got a real potential potential, helping to do something like this as well. 

Speaker 3  (16:24)
No, it sounds good. All right. Okay, yeah, so that's lovely, so I can give you my mobile number if you like and if you ever wanted to have a chat. 

Speaker 3  (16:33)
So my name's Nicole and my mobile 0419 

Speaker 2  (16:38)
All right, can I can I just 

Speaker 3  (16:40)
Yeah, oh takes it to yeah. Yeah, Aden can texture. My number and then we can probably set up a chat a sorry talk. 

Speaker 3  (16:50)
I don't know maybe Friday Aden, you'll be at school. Maybe Fred is Friday evening, okay, because I'd like Aden to be there. 

Speaker 2  (16:57)
Yeah, absolutely 100. 

Speaker 3  (17:00)
When he died. 

Speaker 2  (17:01)
Yeah, definitely definitely be there. Yeah, the um yeah. And when his dad comes in. 

Speaker 2  (17:06)
Yeah, yeah, that'll be great. I'll be loved, absolutely love time chat with you. Sorry and then we can go from from there, like if you guys are happy for him to join on with me, then ate and annoy I can then discuss because I actually didn't really like agents platform. 

Speaker 2  (17:24)
Actually, I like his flow with it better than my own one, I've got it like pretty much everything. He's got it got in it. But the actual contrast in the way that he's actually produced is actually a lot better. 

Speaker 2  (17:41)
Yeah, he um. But yeah, anyway, I'd love to be able to talk further in. Yeah, definitely on that. 

Speaker 2  (17:49)
And I'm absolutely happy to pay admen for his time too. So 

Speaker 3  (17:52)
Okay, yes, that sounds good. Alright. Thank you very much. 

Speaker 3  (17:58)
No, thank Nathan. What was your last name, Murphy? Okay, and Adan's last name adens got a different last name. 

Speaker 3  (18:07)
Are you probably know that already do you know Aden's surname? 

Speaker 2  (18:10)
Oh, no I know really. I've found a training check on Facebook marketplace, and I found that Admin was the only one that liked it so but I was like, oh, this is 2 and 2 like this, he must be the owner. But then yeah, or maybe I just called the number, and I just went. 

Speaker 2  (18:27)
Oh, is this I didn't know you the owner of the app and the um he he said, yeah it was me. Oh yeah, anyway, but yeah, I did. I didn't pay too much attention to the last name. 

Speaker 2  (18:41)
I was just more interesting if you're talking to the person than yeah, what I was building. 

Speaker 3  (18:47)
Yeah, no, that's like, yeah, no, that's good because yeah, so my name's Nicole, Ram, semi, and so, yeah, happy for you. Because Yeah, we just we live in far north Queensland at the pretty much right up the top and so yeah, Aden still at school and you know, I sort of work. And dad goes away and he works 1 week on and off. 

Speaker 3  (19:10)
So he'll be back on Thursday and I think if we get together on Friday, because there's no hurry is there? And then we can just still take our time. We've taken it off the site. 

Speaker 3  (19:19)
We can really make some really good informed decisions that are going to benefit everybody and we agree. We don't want solicitors involved, or anything we just want to be able to sort of I agree, I think adens got potential, but I also think he's a very he may be He's got some great ideas, but I think yeah, he also, he needs to learn from he's got a lot to learn. 

Speaker 2  (19:44)
Hanna, resent, absolutely we all do. I'll add the exact same thing. When I was age, I just didn't have the Cape like I didn't have at his age, the technology that we have right now, do you have to do what we can do so And if we did have it 5 years ago I wouldn't be in this position. 

Speaker 3  (20:02)
Yeah, yeah, so now it's yeah. So I think it's great if we can have that conversation here on Friday, I just dad comes that. 

Speaker 2  (20:12)
But yeah, absolutely have 

Speaker 3  (20:14)
That's perfect. Yeah, but I think yeah, we'll just go from there. Sounds good. 

Speaker 3  (20:20)
Alright, thank you. Take care. Thank you. 

Speaker 3  (20:23)
Thank you. See you later. 

Speaker 2  (20:25)
No one is you. 