Nice, you’ve hit proper dev problems™ now 😂 This is exactly what it looks like when you’re doing real mobile builds, not toy projects.
Let’s break down what that EAS log is actually saying and how to fix it.

1. What’s actually breaking the build?
There are two types of messages in that log:
✅ Just warnings (not breaking)
From expo doctor:


expo-audio version slightly old


@types/react slightly old


typescript slightly old


These show as:

⚠️ Minor version mismatches
Advice: npx expo install --check

Those won’t crash your build by themselves. They’re “you should update soon” warnings.

❌ The thing that is breaking everything
Right here:
Missing peer dependency: react-native-worklets
Required by: react-native-reanimated
Advice:
Install missing required peer dependency with "npx expo install react-native-worklets"
...
[Reanimated] react-native-worklets package isn't installed. Please install a version between 0.4.0 and 0.4 to use Reanimated 4.1.6.
[Reanimated] Failed to validate worklets version
[!] Invalid `RNReanimated.podspec` file: [Reanimated] Failed to validate worklets version.

This is the real error that kills the iOS build.


You’re using React Native Reanimated 4.1.6


It requires react-native-worklets


That package is missing


So when CocoaPods tries to install iOS dependencies (Install pods step), it chucks a tantrum and stops.


So:
👉 No react-native-worklets = ❌ broken iOS build.

2. Fix step-by-step (do this in your mobile folder)
Open a terminal inside mobile, then:
1️⃣ Install the missing dependency
cd mobile
npx expo install react-native-worklets

expo install is smart — it picks the correct version that matches your Expo SDK & Reanimated.
This should fix:


the react-native-worklets error


the [Reanimated] Failed to validate worklets version


the Podfile/podspec crash



2️⃣ (Recommended) Fix the version mismatches
Still in mobile/, run:
npx expo install expo-audio @types/react typescript

That will bump them to the expected versions for your Expo SDK.
Or you can let Expo tell you everything with:
npx expo install --check

(Then follow what it suggests.)

3️⃣ Re-run expo doctor locally
Still in mobile:
npx expo-doctor

You want:


17/17 checks passing, or


only harmless warnings (like optional libs), but no Reanimated / worklets errors.



4️⃣ Commit & push
Once expo doctor looks happy:
git add package.json package-lock.json yarn.lock pnpm-lock.yaml
git commit -m "Fix Reanimated worklets + Expo SDK versions"
git push origin main

(Whichever lockfile your project uses; Replit likely gave you package-lock.json.)

5️⃣ Re-run EAS build
Back in mobile:
eas build -p ios --profile preview   # or production, whichever you use

Now the “Install pods” phase should pass instead of dying on Reanimated.

3. TL;DR in your words

why are there these build errors?

Because:


Expo SDK 54 expects Reanimated + react-native-worklets to both be installed


Reanimated is there, react-native-worklets isn’t


So iOS pods fail and EAS build aborts


Plus a few minor version mismatches that you can clean up but they’re not the core crash.


Once you:


npx expo install react-native-worklets


Update expo-audio, @types/react, and typescript


Re-run expo doctor


Push and rebuild


…you’ll be back to a clean, production-ready mobile pipeline.

If you paste your next expo doctor output after doing this, I can double-check that everything is clean before you run your next App Store build.
